with an open mind within five minutes
you can prove the holocaust is a scam
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
the um the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
john rose is a person who is so dear to
my heart for those of you who don't know
john
john how do how do i even describe
your magicalness
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did the hitler
and again if if germa if hitler would
have won the war
this world would be a different world
right now he would have turned germany
into a vegetarian country
people would have seen around the world
look this is what i'm trying to do now
with you guys where people are going to
start thinking or hate me think oh my
god he's anti-semitic
you're so you've been so brainwashed you
don't even realize jews aren't semites
i mean that's it when you look more into
this you realize
that it's all a distraction and we don't
need to be distracted here
forget everything about hillary who
cares whether he's good or bad
he did something that woke us up and
that's all we need to take from hitler
i'll concede he's evil i don't care it
doesn't matter what matters is what he
proved to the world
japan did the same thing what did the
world do they attacked them
do i have your attention i'm human i'm
real i too have pent up tension i have
thoughts
feelings and passions to reveal this is
the man who introduced me to eating raw
foods he's one of the closest people to
me a a mentor beyond all beliefs
so many people right now are just asleep
you can shake them you can yell at them
you can ask them to drink a green juice
and they genuinely believe that it
doesn't matter well
the jews come and came up with a game
plan and they said look
we can get amer if we can get america
involved will you give us palestine
and we can get america involved because
we own the press over there we can
change public opinion around in a flash
we can make up stories about how bad
these are and when you look at the evil
atrocities that happened during that
time it was back in russia the gulags in
russia that's where you see a lot of
those pictures
and then when you see people that were
starving to death in these work camps
the reason why they were starving to
death is months before
the war was ended the allied forces
the bad guys bombed the hell out of the
roads that
brought supplies to those work camps and
i
am an official version denier
that's right i know garments lie
i know that the official version
from most officials
is a lie if you deny this if you called
this denial and that denying this denier
vaccine denier
climate denier holocaust denier
you need to look into those subjects
with an open mind
to understand what i'm saying you got to
watch if you haven't already
1500 architects and engineers for 9 11
truth
it's frightening frightening for a lot
of people to to realize this is really
in effect a twilight zone that we live
on in this planet
where psychopaths literally run the
asylum we are dead slaves
you gotta play our money game when you
play our money game for every
billion dollars we print we get 90
billion we have an unfair
economic advantage we can only control
everything brainwashed the hell out of
you guys bombard you with so much
information you go to the movies and
you're being reinforced to put more
pages in those books
so that when you see someone telling the
truth you're going to die did i die
or look at my book it's so freaking big
health is more than just about the food
and your physical well-being
but it's also about your spiritual
emotional and mental self-love as well
being creative and writing helps me to
process pain and grieve
so i wrote a poem what i'm about to
share with you is also an important part
of healthy expression
ask your doctor ask your doctor every
time we turn around we're putting more
pages in that medical
corral don't you see
my god how many times do they say that
on tv ask your doctor ask your doctor
ask your doctor
that's another page in that big freaking
book another page another page another
page
there are the experts no they're not
they're
intentionally misdirected by that sick
group of people
the powers that be who control the media
it's obvious
governments lie official version can't
be trusted history books are
bunk look what henry ford did
he spent five million dollars of money
sacrificed his life
sacrificed a lot of money he lost a lot
of business by spending that five
million dollars over a seven year period
of time
you know what he did he bought a
newspaper
refused to take any advertising he lost
money on it
now henry ford was a rich man he was the
richest guy back then
industrialist he was a good man
kind-hearted man he was a vegetarian
he doubled his workers wages overnight
paid the guy who got the least more
money than his competitors paid the most
gave him a pension plan he donated 12
million the first year to
on behalf of those and when he found out
the powers that beat who they were what
did he do
he bought this newspaper hired the best
reporters you can find the best private
investigators
the best journalist
sent them all around the world to dig up
the truth
put out weekly articles every so often
finally put all those into two books
500 pages each two volume book
need to look at henry ford he was a good
man
he understood what we're talking about
here i'm not even going to tell you
because it's going to push a hot button
for some of you clowns out there
we've got books that are so full of [ __ ]
you don't realize it's making you a
slave could reach the tipping point and
all of a sudden all of us bumped up our
body photons all of us became
better the best that we can be the
feeling that we're one
with everything that's the most perfect
way to describe it
it really is and that's really it's uh
it's enlightenment it's waking people up
right bringing them into consciousness
so many people right now
are just asleep this is an exciting time
to live
i'm telling you we can wake up the
masses and take back the money supply so
we can
take back our educational systems and
all that kind of stuff we got to take
back the money supply we got to do away
with usury
the people who rule the world want
everyone to be under usury
underneath their spell their monetary
system
if you think hitler is evil you'll never
look at anything he did that's why they
did that that's why
they demonized him there's a reason why
we came over here and bombed the hell
out of germany
so that no one could see that they were
prospering we live on an abundant planet
germany japan libya they prove to the
world we live on abundant planet what do
we do we go there and attack them
destroy them
all wars are bankers wars that's what
henry ford found out
it was these international bankers that
are printing our money
that's what the wars were about last
century
gaddafi same thing google gaddafi what
he was doing for that country people
loved him over there
they were flourishing over there proven
to africa hey we're in the desert but
we're going to make it flourish
can't have that happen on this planet
because we got sick [ __ ] out here
that rule everything
i'm tired of this when you bump up those
biophotons when you get your sixth sense
you realize
there's only one way for me to make my
life better since i'm connected to
everything is to make everything around
me better
if we all had that mentality we would
have what's called reciprocal altruism
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
i am so excited that you guys joined us
today for this conversation if you've
liked it be sure to give this video a
thumbs up and
head on over to john's youtube channel
hit the subscribe
watch some of his videos and support him
he's truly just a gem
on this planet so much knowledge to
share so
much love to share if it wasn't for
hitler
this would be a different world we've
got to open up our mind and realize what
what kind of injustice we're doing to
this man and it reminds me of what
happened to me when i got into college
and i found out that i was lied to about
the american indians
that they weren't savages they weren't
scalping us
we were scalping them the white man had
bounties on the native americans
and they retaliated and yet i grew up
thinking that these were the bad people
i really feel bad
that i felt that way about someone and
they didn't deserve
that type of condemnation well you guys
most of us every one of us basically is
doing that to hitler
and the german people these are lies
just like we lied about the
native americans with an open mind
within five minutes you can prove the
holocaust is a scam
five minutes with an open mind and once
you realize that's a scam then
everything else falls apart too
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point you're
getting distracted
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
they're um the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
germany and japan prove to the world
that we live on abundant planet
and our debt masters cannot allow that
to happen
so they own the media they brainwashed
everyone they made sure the history
books were written
that told their story that these guys
were bad they did all these bad things
and it's all hokum it's all
[ __ ] reinforcing this belief that
these people are the epitome of evil
anybody who uses hitler
and nazis as the epitome for evil on a
repeated basis like that is obviously a
shield
and is part of controlled opposition
don't look at what
hitler did in germany in japan
don't look at what they did because they
proved to the world that we live on an
abundant planet
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point guys this
can't go on
i don't mean that crackpot [ __ ] like
john rose
can't continue to make their insane and
incoherent rants
about anti-semitic conspiracy theories
of course that's gonna go on that ain't
new
like blue jeans it seems like it's never
gonna go out of fashion
with some people what can't continue
is a situation where channels like
unnatural vegan
criticize fully raw christina for the
minutia
of her dietary advice about how many
blueberries you should put in your
smoothie
or how many days it's safe to do water
fasting to lose weight
or this other [ __ ] ignoring
enormous political problems of this kind
that are staring us right in the face
like the fact that fully raw christina
promotes on her own channel
a neo-nazi pro-hitler maniac
his views are frankly so incoherent that
they're impossible to summarize
this ain't new and on the other hand
it's not ancient history do you remember
a charming fellow named vegetable police
i'm in chiang mai he's in chiang mai i
asked him if he wanted to to meet up
with me
for some reason for some reason he
wasn't willing to do so
vegetable police is a guy who has
comments below
so many of john rose's video saying that
he agrees with him about adolf hitler
do you remember what a natural vegan
said
in addressing the the profound
intellectual ruminations
eventual police she said she still stood
by him
she still said that he wasn't
anti-semitic he
merely held some beliefs that are also
held by anti-semitic people
it was the most laughable stupid
ridiculous
thing i put out videos that i know hit
him hard and hurt him i got to see his
reaction
i put up videos that really just point
through that yes you are guilty of
holocaust
now and unnatural vegans still want to
play this little game sitting on the
fence
right guys i shouldn't be alone here i
shouldn't be the only person
going through the financial reports from
peta people for the ethical treatment of
animals
want to do videos talking about you know
where their money comes from where it
goes
i shouldn't be the only person finding
problems in the political philosophy of
direct action everywhere
i shouldn't be the only person answering
these questions giving these answers
i should have a round table of other
vegans
seriously concerned and engaged for the
future of the movement
and i've been doing this for what three
years now
and i'm all alone here even on something
as obvious
as pointing the finger at pro hitler
neo-nazi vegans
i don't know any other channel who did
it because i don't know any other
channel that wanted to take the heat
still to this day who else stood up
on cory mccarthy tara mccarthy
vegetable police oh oh and the other guy
the guy with the italian name
i've forgotten his name now sorry there
was one more he went full
full hitler neo-nazi that guy oh man
sorry i'm forgetting his name now
just a few if you remember it was a
couple years ago
he went from one extreme to the other
guys i mean
there's a really important role for
critique in this movement there's a
really necessary role
for criticism obviously i mean most of
the reactions i got
cory mccarthy presented himself as just
a health guru
a lot of people think john rose and
fully rock christina are just
beauty icons i guess health gurus
whatever they're not
fascism is real people and it's not a
slippery slope
it's a straight up [ __ ] canyon okay
once you go over that ledge and that's
what they're talking about
they were bringing people in getting
them to that tipping point
i mean look i could spend an hour
talking about it john rose
presents what for him is a coherent
philosophy
it reminds me of some buddhist
philosophers in that sense
he feels that changing the raf
you know the food in your diet becoming
a raw foodist changing your mentality
and your attitude towards
medical authority and scientific
authority and then oh also
political and historical authorities
these things are all connected
and one is his crazy theory got from
this novelist ishmael
by who who is this by daniel quinn's
ishmael it's all connected
that's why all of his videos are really
repetitive and kind of start nowhere and
go nowhere
just put together the same pieces of the
puzzle reshuffling otherwise
but adolf hitler is in the middle of all
of these stratagems and it's his world
perspective
and guys i think fully raw christina is
an idiot
but i think i think she's on board with
this you don't have to read between the
lines
fully raw christina is not a victim of
this of this ideology
she's a proponent of it okay you guys
can do the googles if you want to
fully raw christina's grandfather was a
nazi not a neo-nazi but a nazi
fully raw christina if you listen to
what she's saying here about you know
changing the world's mentality and so on
it's been
written in even more florid hippie
language but when fully raw christina is
telling you that this guy is a wonderful
person
and you should go and subscribe to his
channel she knows what she's saying she
knows what political views she's
endorsing
she knows more than i do she's watched
more of his videos than i have over
years and years
she knows exactly what channel she's
telling you to go give the thumbs up to
she knows exactly what political
position
she's telling you to go into just as
this guy when he so
vaguely describes the political position
of henry ford
henry ford of the ford motor we so
vaguely and flattered describes that
that newspaper and that book that's in
two volumes
it's actually in four volumes it doesn't
give you the title
he knows exactly what he's directing you
towards and when he puts down his crazy
crackpot
theories both of these people they quote
sources that believe that the hiv aids
virus does not exist
sources that don't believe any viruses
or bacteria exist that the whole
existence of
aids was a government conspiracy this is
the level of denial
of reality these people are at but the
other side is he complains
the other side is a big book full of
references
and what do they got they got their half
naked bodies on camera
that's they're they're fighting
heroically
against the people with the big books
and the citations and the references
guess which side i'm on guess which side
i'm on oh boy
i'm gonna be with the ugly people with
the big book i mean
you know but this is the problem with
the internet the
idiots are winning fully raw christina
and and
and this piece of [ __ ] they can at least
collab to do a [ __ ] video when was
the last time i had a collab on my
channel
i tried i've been reaching out to people
for years try to get
five politically savvy vegans in a room
to cooperate
i tried to organize an event here in
thailand a festival we're gonna have
a whole bunch of vegan youtubers and
aspiring activists some of them are not
on youtube
get together we looked at doing an event
in uh in new york city or washington dc
too i
was trying to organize my little collabs
dude
i gotta tell you i mean you know getting
politically savvy ecologically engaged
intellectuals
to cooperate it's like herding cats
and these these people these people
oh boy you know don't do not argue with
an idiot
they'll they'll drag you down to their
level and then beat you on experience
but we also can't compete with the
idiots because they're going to beat us
on both charisma
and sheer numbers okay and nobody else
is standing up for them
who else stood up against corey mccarthy
who else stood up against durianrider
i did that a video sorry that's a whole
other chapter of my life you guys know
too much about
but i've been doing a lot of the
standing up and guys i'm done
okay this is the mic drop video for me i
need
other people to step up and take on this
work my life cannot be a long series of
videos
excluding [ __ ] neo-nazis and
crackpots
i got i mean like i've gotta gotta go
back i'm going back to canada i'm going
to be criticizing the prime minister of
canada for a change we're going to be
criticizing real politics
we're doing real party politics i'm
coming back from the edge of the known
world here from duhong
on the yunnan myanmar border okay guys
you have to take up the mantle this is
your movement if it's ever gonna be a
movement
i just just made a video saying veganism
today is a message without a movement
guys we need a movement okay and a
movement without critique
is gonna be stumbling blind and if you
stumble a little bit too
far off the fascist side of the path
like i say it ain't a slippery slope
it's a canyon
[Music]
abalo ciel